testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi.
Um.
I'm so hungry right now
so I'm going to do
an ice cream
mukbang.
Right now
to always
eat with you guys
I brought Ssangssangba.
I
had Ssangssangba recently
for the first time in a while
and
it was so good.
So I thought
I should eat
Ssangssangba today.
I'm debating how to eat it right now.
Should I eat it like this
or just take a bite out of it like this?
I'm thinking about it.
Alright
I'll split it
exactly in half for you.
I'll give you the bigger piece.
Here I go.
What the?
It broke exactly in half.
Here which one looks bigger?
I think this one is bigger.
Eat up.
Ah.
Do you know there are hand warmers that look like this?
They split right in half so you can use them
in both hands.
Should I have eaten that one?
Um.
It tastes like being an adult.
Stick it back together.
Holding two ice creams
while eating
makes me look powerful.
That's the point.
Actually I
had some
free time
in the middle
of the day
so I
went to a pop-up store.
I went there
but
I
haven't been to many pop-ups.
I really
didn't know
there was an entrance fee.
The sound is weird hold on.
The sound is weird.
Is the sound okay now?
It's good now.
That's a relief.
Oh right.
What if I want to eat another one?
Eat it all.
Okay.
Come here.
Yeah.
You're asking what the next ice cream is?
The next ice cream
is one I'm really into these days.
Ah it's delicious.
I'll eat it later.
If you eat ice cream
too fast
what happens?
Everyone
will
Hey Clova
Turn off the AC.
Thanks.
I always
say Hey Clova
like this
but I
am
way more used to
the word
Flover
than Clova.
Saying it out loud like this.
So
I'm supposed to say that
but I end up saying Flover
like this
a lot.
So
Flovers
who are watching
turn my house's AC
on and off for me a lot.
I had my hair tied up earlier.
But
it got all messy.
Good. It's pretty.
Everything is pretty.
Actually
I came home earlier
and meant to turn on the live right away
but I fell
asleep.
Ah
I really
wanted to do a live
today
so I thought I'd just sleep
for 10 minutes
without even taking my makeup off
but I
ended up sleeping
for an hour
instead.
My cheek fat disappeared a bit.
Why do you think?
It's a comeback guys.
It's happening soon.
What's the date today?
Today is the 17th.
Since it's the 17th today.
Right the highlight medley
dropped today too.
Hodu.
If they just
see a string and a hand they go crazy.
So
since there's
only about 4 days
left
I can't
gain weight
right now.
This is nice.
Um.
Why
do you hate it so much?
fromis_9
congrats on the comeback.
How much are you congratulating us?
I feel good.
That's enough.
I'm sorry.
How to play
by yourself.
Actually Hodu
is in a really
bad mood.
You look pretty today.
Come out.
Hello work
waiting
I suddenly thought of something I wanted to do.
So
I
recently
went to
do a radio show
and back then
that squishy
slime toy
was super
popular right?
But
people were saying
it has
carcinogens
in it
so I
really wanted to touch it
but I couldn't.
So
someone suggested
I try it
while wearing
gloves.
I couldn't hold back
and just washed my hands
really well.
Ah but really
Flover gave this to me
so I didn't want to
just throw it away
but please
don't give me these
anymore.
I won't accept them
as gifts.
This is the last time
I'm playing with it.
Did I put this on wrong?
Hey Clova
Turn on the AC.
Ah there are so many.
I'm going to do them all today.
Next is
Ah
I shouldn't touch it but my face feels itchy.
What's next?
This isn't food right?
It's not for eating right?
What is it? Food? It looks like food right?
I guess not. It's not.
It has a certain feel to it.
Jelly.
This is
jelly.
It feels like a bear paw
puppy paw
or a cat paw
but looking at the size
I think
it's about the size
of a puppy paw.
Right?
The size difference with my hand is about this much.
It's so cute.
Bboppi bboppi
It's very cute
and the texture is
a texture
I'm not super fond of.
Like when you press it
it doesn't expand right away.
It expands
really
slowly
like this.
It feels like this.
When you press it flat
like this
it stays
flat
like this.
Cheese
slime.
Wait a second.
Yeah.
Is this right?
Is this really right
guys?
This is really
intense.
Whoa.
What is this?
Wow you've used
something like this before right?
Like this.
It really feels like pizza dough.
Yes the pizza
you ordered
is ready.
Ah is this the taste of being an adult?
Green apple
waffle ball.
Ah
I should put it in the fridge first.
Really
I'll just do it.
Yeah.
I saw a really
funny comment.
Duolingo
sent a threatening message
so they have to go and come back.
Like this
even claps.
There's another green apple.
A green apple is floating.
Oh.
Next
I'm doing
a shooting ball.
You say I look powerful.
I'm doing this
while thinking about that.
You know it's good to do it while it's in the plastic right?
It's crazy good.
Moving onto the next one quickly.
It feels like this.
Not bad
little guy.
Oh.
Ah
this one
is nice.
What is this?
What is it? What exactly
is inside this?
Is this also in pieces?
But usually
what is it?
Why does it take so much grip strength?
Did I go too hard?
All the fun is gone.
I should just do a little bit.
I'll just do it up to here.
Jumbo dumpling.
It's really squishy
since it's not in the plastic.
Um.
Ah the
sound is good.
Um.
Ah doing it was tiring.
What?
Next.
It has a bit of an
acorn jelly
texture to it
like rice cake powder
is sprinkled all over
so it
sticks together
like that.
This one
has a lot of steam.
Look.
It sticks
like crazy.
Ah it's cute.
Hi.
Press.
It's stuck
like this.
This kind of feel.
What is this one?
Looks like something
a doctor made.
Ah you know this?
Doctor T
slime.
It's very
hard.
Ah it's famous.
You only do the fold box.
Ah you're supposed to touch it slowly.
My grip strength is lacking today so
go back in.
Doctor
close up.
Soap.
I think I did this one.
I think I did it.
Not bad.
Done.
First
I'll
go wash
my hands.
I'll put the paper in
and do it all
at once.
Oops.
Guys don't go to the gym
just play with this
squishy slime.
Disappointed.
Uh
Slime and squishy combined is
Slelangy.
Mr. Slelangy.
Ah
I'll go wash my hands.
Hello?
Hello.
Now
I'll set the mood again.
Hello.
Uh
What?
It's 12 o'clock.
I was going to leave at 12
but I'll just eat the WwA and go.
What's pretty?
The table oh I almost forgot to wipe it. Thanks.
Leaving one behind
I'll do it a bit like this.
You said
the sound is okay
if I do it like this.
It's fine now.
Does my hair look weird tied or untied?
Tied
got it.
Should I tie it to the side like this
to the side
or
to the back
in one bunch?
Why is this so funny?
Can you hear Lost Stars?
For me
like this
closer
did I do it closer?
I have to do it like this
to make it
But this sounds like I'm underwater.
Okay.
If I do it like this
I look like a cucumber
but
the sound
is okay
even if I look like a cucumber.
Ah
I'll just be a cucumber then.
Cucumber's
WwA mukbang
starts now.
Can you see it?
Is this much
okay?
Is the sound
okay now?
So
there are a lot of ways
to eat
WwA.
First when it's frozen solid
like this
you scrape the outside.
You have to scrape
the outside.
If you scrape
all four sides
like this
you get a really
creamy
WwA
on your spoon
like this.
I don't think I like this.
Got it.
I need to turn on
the filter today.
Confidence
confidence
recovery.
Ah I liked this one.
Today
I'll do the mukbang
with the clear filter.
Look. This is what confidence
looks like when it's full.
Ah
pretty.
Does this have a face shrinking
effect too?
What?
Which one
is better? This one? Or
turning the filter off?
Turning it off is more
human.
But I'm like this.
When I get confidence
it's touching.
Now
confidence
self-esteem
protected.
I'm touched.
Ta-da.
I'll protect my self-esteem
and confidence.
Doing it
with the clear filter
revealed.
Yum.
Should we listen to the highlight medley?
fromis_9.
No wait.
I
fromis_9.
wait.
I really love this song so much.
Uh I just
spoiled the fanchant
right there.
I love this so much.
Wow who wrote these lyrics?
Ah
if I had a homeroom teacher
I'd want it to be
this kind of teacher.
Ah the song is so good.
I really like this one.
Flover's
Wonderland.
Yes.
Wow.
Whoa.
It's killer.
How is it Flover?
Isn't it great?
This time
it's a total
masterpiece album.
But
who decides
if it's a masterpiece?
Can I decide?
Masterpiece
bang bang.
Isn't Glow
a masterpiece?
Have you heard it?
Ah
it's not out yet.
Just wait a bit.
You'll be able to hear it
soon.
If I had to explain Glow in one word
wouldn't it be like this ice cream?
Wow!
Yeah.
Sorry sorry
sorry sorry.
Um.
Ah is the filter too strong?
It's a little
too
pretty right?
Do my eyes look too pretty?
Um.
I don't think I can
turn it off.
Only look at pretty things Flovers.
You see it?
Hodu
you look good on camera.
You look pretty
Hodu.
So pretty.
Want to eat?
Um.
You don't want to right?
Our cats' faces are really small.
Their bodies might just
be big though.
My face is really
is it kind of like that?
Should I eat
a bit
prettier?
Should I do that? Should I just stay for an hour? I was originally going to leave at 12.
We
excuse me.
Uh what was I going to say?
Ah
we spent two days together.
I feel cold from eating ice cream
I want to
talk about Flover.
Let's talk about what Flovers want to talk about.
Hodu
I talked about Flover so much even Hodu likes it.
Hodu is sleeping.
Ah sorry sorry
sorry.
Just joking.
Ah Puna
Puna Company.
How was
fromis Company?
Was fromis Company fun?
In fromis Company
right.
My role in fromis Company
was born in 07.
A skit is just a skit
was it this? Was it this one?
Yeah fromis Company
is something
really fun
if you just watch it
without thinking too much.
I look
like a cucumber right now.
I think I'm coming out looking like a cucumber
right now.
I
look a bit like a cucumber here right?
If I'm here
it doesn't look
as long right?
Here
it looks a bit long
Hodu
is there anything else
you want to talk about besides fromis Company?
Capture time.
Okay.
Heart. Heart.
Did it
come out well?
I didn't do anything wrong but for some reason
I'm
scared of
Hodu.
Dingo
behind the scenes.
Ah
for Dingo
Ah the square
actually
in the practice room
our Maknae had
something she wanted
me to do.
This is
the first square
inside
right?
So our Maknae
told me
it would look good
if I said circle and triangle.
So I was like
Ah
hey you're a real
genius aren't you?
You're really a genius
and
and I thought about
saying
uh
triangle
and circle
like this
because I couldn't say square since it's in the lyrics.
But the thing is
Killing Voice
is a total one-take.
We only did the full version exactly once.
So
since we're busy these days
if we made a mistake
we'd have to start all over from the beginning.
So we said
let's focus.
Let's really focus
and finish it in one go.
That's what we talked about
and did.
Why am I getting
higher and higher?
If I do this
does it seem like I'm in the ocean? Or underwater?
How is the audio now?
Is it okay now?
So
we were doing Dingo
and
I was like
that.
It's a one-take
but I said
square.
Ah
but since it's a one-take
all I could think was ah I messed up.
Triangle.
That's how it happened.
I've filled an hour.
It's such a bummer to leave.
Should I go right at 12:30?
It was a Friday night after all.
Hearts
have filled up
a lot.
What are
Flovers doing right now?
Whoa
there are a lot of Flovers
thinking about me.
It's so funny that my tension is so high by myself
just because I slept a little earlier.
Flover but seriously
for this
promotion
you guys are doing it
with us too
anyway.
Make sure you sleep well
and don't
push yourselves
too hard.
Every promotion
Flovers push themselves hard
and of course
during those promotions
we barely get to sleep either
but
Flovers
don't sleep either.
Seeing Flovers doing the promotions
like this
I see that you guys really can't sleep just like us.
So
we're basically meeting
each other in a sleepy state.
When the fanchant comes out that day
on the comeback day
you want me
to set a 1 million heart promise?
Promise
jelly.
Next
1 million hearts
promise
I'll eat
konjac jelly.
Konjac jelly.
Ah really
why am I in such a good mood?
Because of you.
So cute.
For the 1 million heart promise
I'll eat
konjac jelly.
I think I should put this away.
Not the ice cream.
This is my jelly.
Konjac jelly
they don't sell it in Korea.
I was saving it to eat.
But while saving it
the remaining juice
is really tasty.
Yeah.
Flover
our comeback is soon.
Isn't it great?
It's 1 2 3 4 days left.
We're so close now.
I believe
Flovers will really like it
this time.
Got it?
And Flovers told me a July comeback is our first time
which is also really fascinating.
Since it's our first
July comeback
let's do our best.
Also
they say it's going to rain a lot
today and tomorrow.
Since it's raining a lot
always stay safe. What kind of jeon (pancake) do I eat on rainy days?
I eat Anjeon (Safety).
Safety.
Stay safe.
Nice.
Not Pajeon (Green onion pancake)
not Pajeon
but Anjeon (Safety).
Right.
When does fromis_9 comeback?
July.
Right.
It's the 21st.
We're coming back
on July 21st so
please listen to it a lot.
And Flover
send our song
to exactly
three friends.
Actually exactly
five friends. Send it to five friends.
Or maybe
there are Flovers without friends.
In that case
listen to it five more times yourself.
Why? You might not have friends.
You might have friends.
You might have friends
but not meet them so it's like not having any.
I definitely
shouldn't have prejudice.
But Flovers can't be friendless. You have me.
I'm your friend.
We're best friends.
Hold your head high.
Do you have a friend?
My friend is very
pretty
and cool.
You're my friend.
Why is Hodu so cute?
You're not sleeping right?
I guess today is a day
you want to play more.
Okay.
It's time for you
to be loved right now too.
Heart.
Hodu is very hungry for love right now too.
Then
since we still have
our tomorrow
I should
slowly
get going.
Should we talk a little more before I go?
Just a little.
Alright.
Let's just talk about
exactly one more topic before I go.
Are you sleepy?
You're not sleepy right Flover?
What do you want to talk about? Spoilers. Yeah spoilers
would be good.
The highlight medley is out too.
Fanchant
spoilers?
If I just give you the flow
isn't that enough?
Is that not okay?
Alright.
I'll just
give you
a little bit.
Follow along.
I'll spoil it for you.
Hoho.
We did the
mi and uh
what else?
Yeah.
Was that right?
Ah seriously it's been
a while since
we filmed it so
let me think.
Ah isn't it here?
Anyway
I don't know
if Yes me is right.
I don't remember this.
Anyway
anyway
this much
is okay right?
This level of spoiler
is basically nothing.
Right?
This isn't even a spoiler.
But this time
the fanchant is
really
easy.
We didn't put a lot in it.
Because
we wanted you to be able to
follow along easily.
Ah I'm picturing the song in my head
like this right now.
Ah
what spoiler?
Just watch it when it comes out Flover.
Shall we wrap up
slowly now?
Did you have
fun today?
Did you spend
a fun time together?
With me
and Hodu.
We had a capture time
too.
Hodu.
Today was
really
fun.
Thanks to Flovers
I spent my Friday night well.
I want to see you soon.
Flovers
let's meet soon.
I'm glad you had fun.
Our comeback.
Ah it's going to be fun.
Why am I so excited? Please look forward
to it a lot too.
July what?
What day in July did I say?
When does fromis_9
comeback?
Huh?
Ah if I want Hodu to answer I shouldn't give him anything.
Right.
It's the 21st.
Hodu answer.
Hodu.
What day? The 21st right?
You're
answering.
Hey
why are you answering?
Why are you answering?
Why are you purring?
Hodu
when does fromis_9
comeback?
Huh?
I had a lot of fun
today too.
Hodu
doesn't know but as long as Flover
knows it's fine.
I'm going to go now Flover.
Sleep well.
Have sweet dreams
have pretty dreams.
Did I eat Tteokbokki today?
I didn't eat Tteokbokki.
I had so much fun
thanks to you.
Bye.
I cherish you a lot
and I
like you
a lot.
Flovers too.
He's loafing.
Hey Hodu loaf
Hodu loaf
is on special
sale.
2,900 won.
Nobody is buying it.
I should just eat it.
I'm really leaving now.
I'll go now Flover.
Sleep well.
Bye.